README.md, before:


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](www.linkedin.com/in/shravan-v-moodlu-a19a582a5) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:svmoodlu198@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)


---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=shravan198m&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update README with personal info and tech stack

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
🔭 I’m currently working on<br>👯 I’m looking to collaborate on<br>🤝 I’m looking for help with<br>🌱 I’m currently learning<br>💬 Ask me about<br>⚡ Fun fact


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/www.linkedin.com/in/shravan-v-moodlu-a19a582a5) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:svmoodlu198@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=shravan198m&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
